S 1 : 1 - The divorce rate in the U.S. is really blown out of proportion by high rate of very young people whjo get divorced ............. The percentage of people getting divorces who have been married over 5 years drops dramatically ........... S 2 : 1 - Um , young people and young marriages really aren't the same thing . There are those young people who actually do stay together past those first five years . The truth of the matter is that couples in general who divorce do so more often within the first five years , regardless of age . The point was and still is , that heterosexual marriages end in divorce nearly 50% of the time . End of story . You can try to pretty it up all you want , it doesn't change the fact that you heteros are no better at staying together than you expect us gays / lesbians to . S 1 : 2 - Of course there are but a lot of young people get married and realize it was a mistake and get divorced ............ S 2 : 2 - Yeah , so ? There are a lot of older people who get married and realize the same thing and get divorced ... all within the same five year time period . One does not really have a lot to do with the other . Nor does it change the fact that more than half of ALL marriages end in divorce . Period , end of story , no nit-picking ... { Just remember these marriages still only are consisted of HETEROSEXUALS ... } S 1 :3 - yes but because of the high rate of young people that get divorced it throws the percentage off ...... Statistics prove by a wide majority that gays in general are much more promiscuous then straights ......... S 2 :3 - You are completely off base : READ THIS ; http://www.religioustolerance.org/chr_dira.htm http://www.divorcemag.com/statistics/statsUS.shtml http://www.barna.org/FlexPage.aspx?P...naUpdateID=170 Try reading actual census data : http://www.freerepublic.com/focus/f-news/1027306/posts You cannot compare gay to straight promiscuity within the context of a " marriage " when only straights are legally allowed to get married . It's obvious the data will be skewed , any idiot could see that . S 1 : 4 - you can't compare marriage but you can compare relationships ........ S 2 : 4 - Read the articles before you shoot off your mouth . S 1 : 5 - I very rarely read propaganda be it from the right or the left ........... S 2 : 5 - So now data from the Census Bureau is now " Propaganda ? " What a riot ! S 1 : 6 - No one can actually know what percentage of the population of the U.S. is gay ........ If you throw out the lesbians it would be about 2 percent .......S 1 : 1 - We don't just benefit from what is often considered the common , nuclear family . We benefit from families with adopted children , step children , families with no children at all . No it does not . Prove it will come up , and also prove it will come up as a result of same-sex marriage . Marriage is that now . You're right , it has nothing to do with the Bible . It has everything to do with the slippery slope logical fallacy , which we've discussed in the forum ad nauseum . It only shows that those opposed do not have an argument . You know the prospect of incest and polygamy is much less socially acceptable than gay marriage , so you try to erroneously tie polygamy and incest to gay marriage in people's mind to strike fear in them , and hope their logical reasoning can be replaced by irrational fear . S 2 : 1 - a married couple as the head of a home is considered a nuclear family it already has . the question of legality is what this whole issue is about . marriage is a legal instituation , how could legality NOT come up . yes it is whoa ... hold up ... are you saying that only because gay marriage is less unacceptable that incestuous relations , that its ok to grant gay marriage but not sibling marriage ?? if the incestuous society begin to parade and protest , until society accepts them on the level that they accept gays now , what will you say then ? on what grounds should we discriminate against 2 siblings wanting to get married , particularly if they believe they truly love each other , or if they believe that they were born with that attraction ? this is classic hypocracy . if 2 siblings want to love each other in their private lives , how is that any business of yours ? and what does irrational fear have to do with anything ? do you have an irrational fear of an incestuous or polygamous lifestyle ? based on what ? give me one reason why society shouldnt accept an incestuous relation between two consenting adults S 1 : 2 - Then what may lead to incest and polygamy is the fact that marriage is a legal institution , is that what you are saying ? If so , these things may come up equally as a result of straight legal marriage or gay legal marriage or interracial legal marriage , or legal inter-faith marriage or legal marriage with legal divorce , etc. It doesn't relate specifically to gay legal marriage at all . I was saying this is how many people attempt an argument against gay marriage , by attempting to incite fear by spouting off a parade of horribles that have nothing to do with the issue of gay marriage . What if straight people are married and winged green monkeys come flying out of everyone's derriere in the future ? What will you do then ? Demonstrate how gay marriage specifically relates to incest and incestuous marriage and polygamy . This is the gay rights forum , not the incest forum . S 2 : 2 - thats not what im saying . what may lead to incestuous marriage is if siblings or related people who love each other and want to live together under the legal union of marriage . and what may lead to polygamous marriage is 3 or more people who love each other and want to live together under the legal union of marriage . do you see a pattern here ? ooooh .. nice way to snake out of the issue ... let me refresh your memory since you brought it up , what exactly does the social acceptance of any type of " taboo " relationship have to do with their right to be legally married ? is there a certain limit of " tabooness " , and if youre past that limit then no marriage for you ? and what fear are you talking about ? i'm talking about people that love each other and want to tie the knot . how could that possibly strike fear in somebody ? please .... S 1 :3 - Yes , that's true . Yes , that's true . Are you saying love is the pattern ? Well , love applies to straight marriages as well as gay marriages . Love is not exclusive to gay marriages . If that's the connection , we can just as easily say straight marriage will lead to incestuous marriage and polygamy . You are saying love will cause a slippery slope . It's still fallacious . The issue I brought up was why this fallacy is often used , that is to create fear , because incest and polygamy are indeed considered so taboo . The issue is not the tabooness of anything and everything , but how it is being used to distract from the issue of same-sex marriage , when there isn't a logical , rational argument against same-sex marriage . It's an indication of desperation on the part of some of those who are against same-sex marriage . I have no reason to discuss the level of acceptability or lack thereof of every single thing , before I accept one thing that is different from all those other things . I can deal with that one thing on all of its own merits and shortfalls , without being drawn into a false dilemma , either accept everything or else don't accept one thing , as if those are the only two choices , fallacy . S 2 :3 - gay marriage will change the definition of marriage from " a legal union between a man and a woman " to " a legal union between any parties that love each other " . if its ok for 2 people that love each other and want to tie the knot , then how could incest be a taboo ? based on what ? again with the double standard . gay marriage was considered just as much a taboo as incest or polygamy just a few years ago . being gay emerged from its taboo status through parades , promotional efforts , and , unfortunately , by spreading lies ( i'll deal with that in another thread ) . however , incestuous people didnt go through the process of parading their lifestyle in front of the world and practically begging for approval from society . so incest is still deeper in taboo status than homosexuality . why is it ok to deny incestuous relations the right to marry on the grounds that it is considered taboo , but ok to approve gay marriage on the same grounds ?S 1 : 1 - I will take this one ........ Please don't compare a race of peoples fight for equal rights to a class of people determined by their sexual oreintation ...... It is and insult to all African Americans .......... S 2 : 1 - Yep , Coretta Scott King and Jullian Bond are against gay rights ? You did say : " all African Americans " . S 1 : 2 - We are talking about gay marriage .......... Can you cite a link where they say they are for gay marriage ? S 2 : 2 - ALready been done ,,,, several times . S 1 :3 - I did not think you could do it ....... S 2 :3 - Julian Bond : http://racerelations.about.com/b/a/069228.htm Coretta Scott King : http://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/...marriage_x.htm :p :p :p :p :p S 1 : 4 - Thank you , I will amend my statement to most African Americans ...... I wonder how Rev MLK felt about the issue ....... He has much more creditabilty to me then either of your examples ....... S 2 : 4 - I guess no one will ever know for sure .S 1 : 1 - There you go using the " N " word . I suppose you think you are normal too huh ? At least 2 men in a loving , comitted relationship follow the pratice of fidelity , unlike the man who has 1 wife for each day of the week . S 2 : 1 - How do you know that the man who has 1 wife for each day of the week doesn't love his wives , or isn't committed to them . Same for the wives toward their husband ? Just curious ? S 1 : 2 - I never stated that the husband or wives were not comitted to each other , I brought up the idea of fidelity . Isn't fidelity part of the american attitude of " normal " ? Or at least it is the view of the christian reich . S 2 : 2 - Time / CNN poll conducted by Harris Interactive . Nov 18 - 19 , 2003 N = 1,507 adults nationwide MoE =/ - 2.5% ( total sample ) Question " Do you think marriages between homosexual men or homosexual women should be recognized as legal by the law or not ? Yes 32% No 62% Not Sure 6% http://www.pollingreport.com/civil.htm In this poll , 59% of DEMOCRATS were opposed to homosexual marriage for emn or women . Are the Democrats now part of the Christian reich , as well ? S 1 :3 - Somehow , I think it goes a little deeper than party lines . S 2 :3 - I believe what we are seeing is a reaction to the heterophobes that want to foist gay marriage upon the rest of America . S 1 : 4 - What exactly is a heterophobe , and how are they " foisting " gay marriage upon America ? And tell me please , what exactly is your problem with gay marriage , why are you so opposed to it ? S 2 : 4 - When a person is opposed to gay marriage they are often called a homophobe . When a person is opposed to the banning of gay marriage , they must therefore be a heterophobe . Because a have a personal right to be opposed to it , just as you have a right to be for it , if you indeed are . The Constitution of the U.S. gives me this right to be opposed to it , just as it gives you the right to be for it .S 1 : 1 - It would lead ultimately down the road to a marriage bill for polygamists . That is why the current push for a Constitutional Amendment to ban gay marriage also contains a provision banning polygamous marriage as well . Hmm .... some opposition to the petition ... More left wing ideology at work . S 2 : 1 - If the man after God    s own heart had multiple wives , why can    t I ? :) I have heard others say that we already have polygamy in America . It    s called serial polygamy because of our liberal divorce laws . So now those that are opposed to even more laws on the books and a return to Old Testament practices are considered left wing ? What    s this world coming too ? LOL S 1 : 2 - King David having multiple wives was under Old Testament practice . Jesus himself stated that divorce laws were granted by Moses and allowed by God because of the hardness of the people hearts . Jesus said a man shall leave his father and mother and be cleaved to his WIFE , Not WIVES . BTW , its called serial MONOGAMY . If its ' right wing ' to support a ban on homosexual / polygamous marriage than its ' left wing ' to oppose a ban on homosexual / polygamous marriage . S 2 : 2 - So is it a sin or just a practice ? I don    t remember Jesus saying polygamy was wrong . The statement you referred to does indicate that he was talking about a single wife , but I wouldn    t base a whole social convention on one word out of a whole book . Anyway the Jews don    t believe in the New Testament . Would it be okay for them ? Man I screwed that one up . I    ll try to be a little more articulate in the future . :) Okay I was just wondering . I base my wing on what I think is correct , not left or right . A few years ago it was right wing to be against the deficit , now it seems to be left wing . But that just shows what I know about wings . LOL S 1 :3 - The idea that it is now left wing to be against deficits is absurd . Numerous Democrats actually wanted to spend more than the Bush Administrations 12.5% increase in federal spending . S 2 :3 - I was basing that on your previous statement In other words , anything that is opposed to one wing must be the opposite so I don    t see how it    s absurd unless you want to call your original statement absurd . This is obviously not the thread for this discussion but I will reply this time and see where it takes us . You didn    t state what you considered to be    numerous    nor did you supply anything to back up that statement . However deficits depend on both increased spending and lower revenues . Bush has done both with large tax cuts and large discretionary spending increases . And even the conservatives are beginning to criticize him for being a big spending president . Over the past 23 years ,    conservative    administrations have increased the deficits and    liberal    administrations have decreased the deficits . So yeah it looks to me like left wing is against deficits and right wing is for deficits .S 1 : 1 - I think a better comparison is Sodom .......... S 2 : 1 - These are the comments that make you a homophobic bigot , not your opposition to gay marriage . S 1 : 2 - In your mind yes ........ When you have bath houses in SF that have 100 men in a daisy chain performing unprotected sex on one another I would make the comparison to Sodom ......... That is not homophobic , that is a fact and you should condemn it too ........... S 2 : 2 - So , you have been there to see this I take it or are you going on rumors and misinformation . Did you read about this on the focus on family website ? Sorry , I just don't believe you . S 1 :3 - Go to Yahoo and do a search on San Francisco Gay bath houses if you don't believe me ....... When the AIDS first came out they were shut down but they are flourishing again now and the occupants have gone back to unprotected sex ......... From what I have surmised you are gay . I am surprised you did not know that ..... S 2 :3 - YOu made a very specific claim about 100 men in a daisy chain having unprotected sex . It is clear to me that post was not based in fact , but opinion . If you don't have the proof of the claim , you shouldn't make it ! That is what makes you a homophobe . You make claims about gays without knowing the truth . S 1 : 4 - Why do you think they closed the bath houses down in the eighties ? S 2 : 4 - This , at last check is 2005 , what they did in the 80's has nothing to do with the topic at hand , or your comments . So either justify your comments or take them back and admit they were uncalled for ... S 1 : 5 - Joe you need to read the link I cited in a post in this thread ......... Gays in SF are trying to get the bath houses reopened ......... S 2 : 5 - Great ! What does that have to do with gay rights ? What does it have to do with the title of this thread ? How can you take what a small group of gays in California are doing and equate it to the behaviors of all gays . That is irresponsible .S 1 : 1 - Most Christians don't try to do that to gay people either . S 2 : 1 - Sure they do . A majority of self-identified Christians in THIS country oppose civil marriage for gay people . In Spain , for example , they don't . A huge majority of self-identified " evangelical Christians " oppose gay marriage , civil unions , gay adoption , anti-discrimination laws , the Lawrence decision to decriminalize same-sex sex , etc. , etc. , etc. As I recall , that predeliction knows no national borders . Oh , I know , they're not trying to ban really important things .... y a w n S 1 : 2 - But they're not trying to ban it . That was the accusation made . S 2 : 2 - Have you not heard of the state constitutional amendments being passed to preclude same-sex marriage AND civil unions ? S 1 :3 - Evangelical Christendom is trying to BAN gay people ? Wow , I wish all evangelicals really WERE that united for something . Sure ; but that's not what we're talking about , now is it ? You were asking about the gay pride industry . LOL ! No , you all blew your credibility on that claim long ago . Gay lobbyists have LONG stepped over that line in the sand ( of simply " counter-attacking " ) . S 2 :3 - You're losing your touch . S 1 : 4 - what do you mean by THAT ?S 1 : 1 - Healthcare usually applies to spouses . Therefore , if it is illegal for gays to marry in VA , he gets no healthcare . It's a fairly simple law to understand . It works the same way with a straight guy who has a girlfriend ... she doesn't get healthcare provided by his job . I hope the gays who are upset with VA leave . It will cause less havoc in the state . S 2 : 1 - Which part about not allowing them to become spouses don't you get ? The straight guy can marry his girlfriend so she gets the benefits . S 1 : 2 - And the point is , in VA gays can't get married , therefore they can't share their gay lover's healthcare . Simple as that . Hopefully gay marriages will be outlawed everywhere so we don't have to continue to hear them bitch and moan about healthcare . If a man has a girlfriend , do you believe she is entitled to get healthcare from his job ? S 2 : 2 - Actually if they cohabitate for a prescribed period of time or have children together I would say yes . Commonlaw as it were . S 1 :3 - Common law is 2 words buddy . S 2 :3 - Or hyphenated . Thank you . I stand corrected .S 1 : 1 - So , then 2 gays people living together in VA shouldn't expect healthcare , since a couple who isn't married doesn't get it . S 2 : 1 - " thats just the way it is " isn't much of an argument ! So , basically you don't care that some people can have rights , while others who should have them don't get them . So , I take it you liked segregation , prohabition and prefer women barefoot in the kitchen rather than at the polls voting for anything . Wow ! all I an say is wow . S 1 : 2 - I'm guessing you mean " prohibition " . Gays don't have the right to shared healthcare because they're not married ! Gays have rights ... they can marry members of the opposite sex . Nobody can marry members of the opposite sex , it's not just gays . Gays have all the rights that straight people do . Straights can't marry people of the same sex , and neither can gays . If straigh people want heatlcare , they can marry someone of the opposite sex ... so can gays ! S 2 : 2 - We don't have the right to marry who we love and if ya didn't notice it isn't someone of the same sex . What a ridculous posts ! We are fighting to the right to marry , we will win , we will have healthcare and we are in your neighborhood too ! Trust me , we are nor backing down to the xtian right wing . We shall overcome ! S 1 :3 - Haha !! It seems like " you all " are going in the wrong direction then . Thousands of gays in San Francisco recently had their marriages enulled . A judge in Seattle was also told he can't allow gays to get married . Missouri just voted to outlaw gay marriage ( 70% of the people voted to ban it ... pretty alarming if you ask me ) . How do you figure you are in the process to " overcome " ? It looks quite the opposite if you ask me . The only luck you have is moving to another country or moving to Massachusetts . Mark my word , there will never be a federal law allowing gay marriages in the US . S 2 :3 - That's just what they said about slavery , women voting , interacial marriage . It is what they said about people flying , looking for a cure to polio , It is always darkest before the dawn ! S 1 : 4 - Looking at slavery is incorrect . Slavery was wrong because certain individuals who couldn't change their color were targeted and often tortured . They were treated as property and had no rights . HOWEVER , gays have the exact same rights as heterosexuals and are not property , nor can they be targeted by color , etc. Women voting is also a terrible example . That has to do with free speech , which is an unalienable right ( last time I checked , gays being allowed to marry wasn't an unalienable right ) . That was also when women couldn't hold jobs and had to work in the home . Gays don't have to do that . Interracial marriage goes along with slavery and is an absolutely terrible example . It was looked down upon , not illegal . Thomas Jefferson had children by a black woman .S 1 : 1 - Agreed , when the husband is part of a hetero relationship . Gay husband is not a legally recognized category . Agreed , when the wife is part of a hetero relationship . Gay wife is not a legally recognized category . Agreed , when the spouse is part of a hetero relationship . Gay spouse is not a legally recognized category . S 2 : 1 - So the fact that it is not legally recognized is the problem . What is the reason it's not legally recognized ? Because the couple is gay . Where do you get the figure of 500,000 gay couples who want to immediately be married ? Would these gay couples beat the straight couples in some kind of a race to the weddings occurring at the same time , or occurring over the course of a month or a year ? S 1 : 2 - They're not legally recognized because they don't meet the legal criteria for marriage , ie one man , one woman . A cat doesn't meet the legal definition of a dog . Do we change the definition of dog to appease the cat ? That's the real question to be answered by society . Actually , I pulled the number out of the air for illustrative purposes only , but after reading the CBO report , I see that I wasn't far off . They predicted 600,000 gay couples would want to get married it allowed . S 2 : 2 - This is circular reasoning however . It's stating that marriage simply is heterosexual , and so completely ends debate . S 1 :3 - Exactly my point , just as a cat can never be considered a dog just because someone wants it to be . To me , and I'm guessing millions of others , the term gay marriage is an oxymoron . That's not to say that we shouldn't consider the possibility of allowing gay unions with , possibly , equivalent rights to hetero couples if we , as a society , see the benefit in doing so . For example , prior to FDR , the concept of state welfare was considered ludicrous and unconstitutional , but he was able to get enough support ( and enough political muscle ) to change society's mind on the role of the Federal gov't once he demonstrated the " good " that doing so had on America in its most dire time of need . People were willing to sacrifice a little freedom for security just as Ben Franklin had warned against . Now , I'll be the first to tell you that I think FDR was the biggest threat to American freedom that ever existed , but one can't argue his ability to change public opinion on the role of the Federal gov't . S 2 :3 - It concerns reason , as Jaxian said earlier . What are the logical reasons for marriage discrimination against gays and lesbians ?S 1 : 1 - So the CDC's distinction of males having sex with males doesn't mean that they're gay ? Minimally , they're bisexual . And , if you recall , we were talking about male children , as in " my son " . No , the CDC statistics show that the risk of women getting HIV from hetero males is small , unless they're drug addicts . You're attempting to make a distinction without a difference . Are you claiming that MSM aren't gay ? They certainly aren't heterosexuals . The only time I would think that occurs is in prison . There are lots of things that I can do to decrease the risks associated with an inherently dangerous practice , but none of them are as " safe " as abstention . Sorry . S 2 : 1 - It's still a young disease , give it some more time ... Women Women make up nearly one-third of new HIV infections . 4 In 1992 , women accounted for 13.8% of people living with AIDS 5 ; by the end of 2001 that percentage had increased to 21% . 6 Among women , sexual contact accounts for 75% of infections . 7 http://www.cdcnpin.org/scripts/hiv/hiv.asp#women Percentage with HIV who are women in North America increases from 20% in 2001 to 25% in 2003 ... http://www.unaids.org/bangkok2004/GA....htm#TopOfPage S 1 : 2 - I've seen the facts on women . I believe that you are attempting to deflect the issue , however . If you dig a bit deeper , you find that women contracting HIV are doing so predominantly by having sex with bisexual men , having sex with heterosexual junkies with HIV and sharing needles with HIV infected people . It can't be argued that it's a mainstream " straight " disease by any stretch of the imagination . S 2 : 2 - It's being spread by men having sex with women . None of your data disproves that fact . S 1 :3 - Usually by men who acquired HIV from having sex with other men , that is . You like to omit salient facts in your argument . S 2 :3 - You should take off the blinders and learn to read more carefully . Your data only said they MAY contact it from a man who had sex with another man . Even if it were usually from men who first aquired it from other men , it is still being spread by men having sex with women . I am not omitting anything . You are looking for a scapegoat so relations between men and women won't be held responsible for the diseases they spread from that activity . It's similar to Mary getting a disease from a parnter John , and John and Mary blaming the person and the activity which gave him the disease , saying that he Mary and their activity isn't really to blame , just because they contracted the disease from John and Mary's activity . They had no need to use a condom , and it's not John or Mary's fault for not involving a condom in their activity . S 1 : 4 - If you want to find the source of a leak , you don't look at the end of the pipe , do you ? Wouldn't you trace the pipe back to its origin ? The origin of women with HIV is typically from having sex with a man with HIV who acquired it by having sex with a man with HIV who got it by having sex with a man with HIV ... etc. , etc. , Now , I agree that due to all of the bisexuals and MSMs out there who have spread the disease to women today , even having heterosexual relations isn't safe . But the widespread propagation of HIV took place in the gay community , not straight America . Straight America has acquired HIV tangentially to the main cause , either through transfers of blood from needles or via sex with a high risk partner , namely drug addict or MSM . S 2 : 4 - We do not know where the original leak of HIV started . Yes , it's easy for you to scapegoat a certain group you don't like , when you don't know where that original leak was , as I said above . The CDC also cites women having sex with an already infected partner or men with unspecified risks , as risky for women . It's not just MSM . S 1 : 5 - Agreed . But the floodgates opened up in the gay community . When did I EVER use the term " always " or " exclusively " ? I've used the word predominantly a few times , however . Do you dispute that ? S 2 : 5 - A victim of a disease is a victim of a disease . That is very subjective to say " floodgates " opened with a certain group . If the " floodgates " had opened with heterosexuals as could be said of Africa , would that have made any difference ? If one group instead of another has more cases of the disease , or had more at the beginning , does that make any difference ? It's a virus that continues to spread among all groups of people . You are saying one particular group which gets the disease , has made a bad choice , simply because it chooses to express it's sexuality . I haven't seen anything which states the most predominant higher risk area ( for women ) , exclusively , involves a woman partnering with an MSM .S 1 : 1 - Give us a break , the bibe saying ' in the future there will be Wars ... and Earthquakes ! ' is hardly proof , that is beyond coincidence predicting that ' things will stay much the same as they are and natural events will occur as usual ' . Abortions an unwed couples seems to have pretty much nothing to do with the last line . As for minorities and the constitution , the majority can change the constitution or just ignore it . It is in the majorities interest to support and accept minorities because pretty much everyone falls within one of them and minorites still have a significant number of people , maybe not the most important but enough to swing power between forces competting over the majority . S 2 : 1 - The number of earthquales that have happened outside of Israel in the last 100 yrs is exponentially increased . Believe what you will . If you have a better understanding of love waxing cold I'd like to hear it . Obviously we don't have the smae understanding of the US government . Teh majority rules unless it violates the constitution . If you can point out how that isn't true then I'd be interested in being enlightened . S 1 : 2 - Unless you are a beleiver in a religion , then the whole Earthquake thing is irrelevant and if you are then this isn't the debate for you . I haven't been argued that homosexuality is right according to religious beleifs , but more often that your religious beleifs should have nothing to do with my life . Acceptance of homosexuality effecting plate tectonics ? Time to come back to the real world , even if it is true , why should you worship a being that is quite happy to destroy homes and kill people for becoming more tolerant but is quite happy with the famine and AIDS situation and doesn't get involved with politics ? The constitution is not magic , it has been changed because enough people wanted it done , if the majority wants to ignore or change a part of the consititution it will do . S 2 : 2 - First opff Jake started this rel ; igious topic . Reread the posts I'm only refuting his assertions . I did not say homosexuality is the cause of anything religious only citing support against Jake's comments . Don't ever try to assume you know God's mentality . Most parents love their children but they raise them according to how they feel is best . According tro what they know . Why are some parents motivator and others discipliners ? That's my popint if the majority want it they will do it . S 1 :3 - And I refute your refutations . You implied that the Earthquakes were not a natural thing and dinviinly caused Even if there is a god , any ' loving parent ' that kills some of its children to make a point , when they are fully capable of just changing the issue anyway is hardly deserving of worship . As for people changing , not only is that dubious anyway but not really proof of anything , there are alcoholics who recover and don't drink and that is definitely genetically influenced . You clearly have no real idea about the state of genetic research or how it works , we are nowhere near finding the purpose of everything . There doesn't appear to be one gene , but there is probably a combination that lead to a greater chance of being gay . @ Rev , Power of Attorney would be fine , but giving that there is already favouritism shown to some people , why should that favouritism be arteficailly restricted . In the interest of fairness it seems a lot easy to recognise a few more people in an existing group that abolishing it . Also not everyone shares your view on the purpose and role of a government S 2 :3 - No you refute your inferences No I didn't Who said God killed them ? For someoen that claims there is no God it's amazing how you're the expert now on the nature of God . i agree there is a disposition but that doesn't mean that they are genetically confined as the alcoholic isn't . So why draw the line at homosexuals ? Why not polygamists ? Why do homosexuals deserve the right and polygamists don't ? What merits do homosexuality bring that polygamy doesn't ? S 1 : 4 - So that little peice of geological trivia was just that , and had nothing to do with this debate or any points whatsoever ? Perhaps some people are capable of thinking from another's point of view , if God is a loving parent I can't see how you can justify the view that anything lethal can be used as a punishment . I don't think you know how genetics works in this instance . Or do you think that the method of upbringing they have is purely responisble ? I don't really see any real problem with polygamy itself , but it would have to be watched a little more carefully perhaps as the cultures that practise polygamy tend to be less focused on equality between sexs . As long as you make sure that the marriages are still volentary for both partners and that any person is fully able to leave if they want to then I can't really see the problem . However it is a lot more complicated if you are looking from the benefits point of view with respect to inheritance and other aspects ( child support and suchlike ) but these are realitively minor points that would just have to be worked out if this type of marriage was to be recognisedS 1 : 1 - Should they ? What are western standards ? What were they 20 yrs ago ? What were they 100 yrs ago ? Marriage is recognizing a family unit based on a natural heterosexual contract . S 2 : 1 - Where would that put families started by artificial insemination ? S 1 : 2 - The same as any other heterosexual couple . It's not the way children are created ( adopted , serrogacy , etc ) . It ' s the nature of the relationship ( heterosexual ) . Natural refers to nature not child bearing . S 2 : 2 - which god enforces marriage rules when the cermony is performend by a judge ? There was a tribe in the Congo that allowed it . Their shamans told them that the warriors could only marry outer warriors . To be with a women , they thought , might make then softer , and more woman like , and not as fearless in combat . Ok , so conceiving a child is not what makes it nature , what is it ? Wouldn    t polygamy also include some of that same sex taboo , to women marred together ? Why do you feel your values are right and others that disagree as wrong ? S 1 :3 - Polygamy is not women married together . It's one man or women married to multiple of the opposite sex like a harem or entourage . Everyone feels their values are right or else they wouldn't believe in them . What we value shows . Of course atheist don't believe in God so they have a different set of values . I of course believe in God first , family second , and country third . If you have different values then of course you will think yours are better if not then you wouldn't have them . Our values are what guide us . I feel that from perspective my values give someone a better balance and stability to function in society . You probably think otherwise but I feel statistically I can support mine . S 2 :3 - Sorry , I don    t practice Polygamy ; I don    t know the inner workings of the family . I would think it would be a good way for bi-sexual to stay below the radar . I worded the question badly ; I should have asked why do you feel that your morals should be forced on to others ? By keeping the laws the way they are now it is discrimination . Correct me if I am wrong , but I did not think you could fire some one for being gay . S 1 : 4 - It's all good I didn't think you knew what you were talking about anyways ? The questions is why should they force their moral on us ? Should we let other people like nudist and rapist force their mroals on us ? S 2 : 4 - How is allowing them to marry    forcing there morals on us    ? Yes we would have to deal with the fact of it , but the US has been dealing with the fact of Polygamy fro years . There is only one case that was prosecuted in recent history ( that was mostly due to one of his    wives    being 14 when married . S 1 : 5 - When society legalizes behavior it is in fact accepting it as non-detrimental and accepting it . It is a form of forcing our society to accept the behavior .S 1 : 1 - You're late . I didn't bring up religon in my argument . Jake did . So please don't specualte anything until you knwo what we're talking about . All laws are based upon morals . So it is based upon the morals of the country whcih happen to be predominantly Christian . England was one of many countries . There is no new family structure that didn't exist before this country . My definition of negative effect is that the puposes for which something is created is hindered or compromises . By changing standards there is a harm to it's integrity . Intregrity is compromised when it isn't stable . Soemthing that changes all teh time loses that integrity like John Kerry on his views . Things must remain consistent to be integral . This argument has a flaw . That when there is guaranteed religous freedomw then we dont ' have equal rights . Everyone has equal rights in terms of believing . However behavior is regualted by the government . Therefore we can do anyting in the name of religion until it violates behavior that is acceptable by society . S 2 : 1 - Fine , so what if the government said people are free to ' believe ' in God , but any sign of them putting their belief into practice , such as going to church or even just praying in private was illegal ? Would that be acceptable ? After all it is just regulating behaviourA , not belief ? Your comparisons are ludicrous . All of these situations involve non-consensual acts either through lack of knowledge or involvement of minors . You cannot compare that to consensual acts between adults . S 1 : 2 - That probably wouldn't be acceptable to most people but it would be legal and equal . They don't allow religious practices of polygamy , animal or human sacrifices , body mutilation , and many other religious practices . So then we should allow prostitution , polygamy , human trafficking , drug trafficking , gambling , drug distribution , and all other consensual acts . S 2 : 2 - But they obviously wouldn't be equal , because a significant proportion of the population would be restricted from worshipping how they want in a for that hurts nobody . These elements mostly have links to crime over and above the act itself , that justifies restrictions . Homosexuality doesn't . S 1 :3 - The poeple would be equal . The religions would not . Look at our country . Almost all Christian beleifs are legal and no other non-Christians Churches have almost all their legal beleifs . That's it ? Crime ? That's it . The criminal link ? So if they criminalized homosexuality then it would be okay to ban gay marriage . Homosexuality has links to crime too . Sodomy is a crime . Define harm becaue homosexuality is harmful according to many . S 2 :3 - This is not equality . You are using the letter of the law to twist the purpose of the law , and even then doing it using very shaky logic . Equality is about general concepts , not specifics . It is equality to say ' everyone is has the same right to worship who they want ' , it is not equality to say ' everyone has the same right to worship who we tell them to ' . That is equality within an unequal system , which cannot be counted . Can you re-phrase , I don't follow . No . As I said , those have strong links to criminal activity irrespective of the act itself being a crime . For example drug use has noted links to theft , the same just cannot be said for homosexuality . No it isn't . And even if it was , that has nothing to do with homosexuality anyway . Physical or psychological injury or damage . Homosexuality is therefore in no way harmful . And I have serous doubts about the ' many ' who say it is . S 1 : 4 - Equality is treating every person the same . However it does not mean treating every person's behavior the same . It does not mean treat every organization the same either . Everyone has the same rights . NOt every religous practice , ideology , or behavior get the same treatment . Teh people determine what is in the public's interest to protect and ban . It basically only the Christian practices that are completely legal . Islamic polgamy and other religons don't have their practices recognized as often as christianity . Homosexuality has strong links to sodomy . Also prostitution is legal in Nevada so shoudl all states be forced to allow taht behavior ? Insome states adults cann have sex wiht 14 - 16 yr olds in some cases . Should other states recognize that too ? Most serial killers of men and young boys were homosexuals . Sodomy is a crime do you wnat me to post it ? gynocologist , Gi specialists , and colon specialist have all stated the effects homosexual related activites . Also there is a higher risk of disease transmission among homosexual men so much so they are not allowed to donate blood for 5 yrs from their last activity .S 1 : 1 - I believe someone brought up the Australian situation , conserning a gay marriage ban . Here is an update ... ABC Online ...... " The National Party will be out campaigning on this issue because we believe the conservative people of Australia want marriage defined as between a man and a woman , " he said . Senator Boswell has accused the Democrats and other senators of trying to desecrate the institution of marriage .   2004 Australian Broadcasting Corporation Copyright information : http://abc.net.au/common/copyrigh.htm Privacy information : http://abc.net.au/privacy.htm S 2 : 1 - Good for the National Party . The Democrats want to postpone a vote until after the election because they fear that they'll lose their jobs if they come out in favor of gay marriage rght before an election . It appears that OZ has a lot in common with the US ; we both have a majority of voting citizens that oppose gay marriage . The only difference is that in the US , gays lack the guts to put the issue to a national vote . They prefer to target Liberal judges who will create fiat laws in their favor without an act of Congress . S 1 : 2 - I'm not sure that's it . Australia is pretty well evenly divided ... http://www9.sbs.com.au/theworldnews/...86834&region=7 The majority of those aged 18 - 34 , who are the future , support same-sex marriage , which makes Australia like many countries . If this is a popularity contest , it's just a matter of time , anyway . S 2 : 2 - I wouldn't be so sure . Kids have a way of becoming more conservative as they get older . S 1 :3 - You only wish the clock could be turned back , don't bet on it . S 2 :3 - I have three kids , 21 , 19 and 17 and interact with them and their peers daily . YOU would be surprised . S 1 : 4 - I have family and know people in that age group too . They are accepting of gay and lesbian people , and can't understand why anyone would see homosexuality as an issue .